1. Pelvic incidence is defined as the angle between a line perpendicular to the sacral
plate at its midpoint and a line connecting this point to the femoral head axis.
The pelvic incidence is a fixed morphological parameter, whose value remains more or less constant throughout adult life.
It is an algebraic sum of two dynamic angles: the pelvic tilt and the sacral slope.
Please enter your value of Pelvic incidence.(In degrees).



2.Pelvic tilt is the orientation of the pelvis in respect to the thighbones and the rest of the body. 
The pelvis can tilt towards the front, back, or either side of the body.
Please enter your pelvic tilt angle (In degrees).



3. Lumbar Lordosis Angle (LLA) is an ideal parameter for the evaluation of lumbar lordosis.
The normal value of LLA can be defined as 20-45 degrees with a range of 1 SD.
Please enter your value of LLA.(In degrees).


4.The sacral slope ( SS ) is measured between the tangent line to the superior endplate of S1 and the horizontal plane ( a ).
Please enter the value in degrees.


5.The Pelvic Radius Angle (PRA) is measured from the PR line (as defined in the literature) to the horizontal. 
Normal values are always <90°, but >55°.Please enter your PRA(in degrees).


6.Spondylolysis is the medical term for a spine fracture or defect that occurs at the region of the pars interarticularis. 
Later on it might lead to spondylolisthesis(a condition in which the vertebra slips out of the place ).
Please mention your degree of spondylolisthesis?

7.Pelvic slope from 0 to 1?


8.Direct tilt or Pelvic tilt (PT) is a position-dependent parameter defined as the angle created by a line running 
from the sacral end plate midpoint to the center of the bifemoral heads and the vertical axis.
Patients with a PT of less than 20 are classified with a PT modifier 0
Patients with a PT between 20 and 30 are classified with a PT modifier +
Patients with a PT of greater than 30 are classified with a PT modifier ++
Please enter your value of tilt?


9. Please enter your value of thoracic slope?


10.Please enter your value of cervical tilt?


11.The sacral angle is the angle formed by the true conjugate with the two pieces of sacrum. 
Please enter your values?


12.Please enter your scoliosis slope.